---
layout: post
title:  "9/7: Starting a new year!"
date:   2020-9-07 05:30:59
author: Lucy Zises
categories: Advocacy
---

We hope everyone has had a fun summer so far! We are so excited to get Best Buddies back up and running this year. Please read for important information regarding the beginning of the year.

- **Enrichments/Activities:** This year will obviously look a little different with remote learning. We will have virtual meetings every Friday at 2:40pm, during the enrichment period at the end of the day. Our first meeting will be Friday, September 11. We will use Zoom for these meetings, so please be on the lookout for a link (each week will use the same link).

In addition to these virtual enrichments, we have explored the possibility of having in-person activities. These would be completely optional, and will take place on Saturdays, outdoors, with no more than 15 people, masks will be required at all times. Please fill out [THIS FORM](https://forms.gle/AV1wYh3W1fiXTQrs9) to help us gauge interest. Once we have a better idea of interest and comfort levels, more information will be sent out. To reiterate, these meetings are completely optional.

- **Registration:** It is required that all club members register on [Best Buddies Online](https://www.bestbuddiesonline.org). We will walk through how to register more in depth at our first meeting, but please complete registration as soon as possible. Even if you were registered last school year, you must re-register. If you are interested in becoming a peer buddy, please adjust your membership application accordingly and complete the matching survey and questions. Please note that the email and phone number used to register will be used for all club communication. Don't hesitate to reach out with any questions in the meantime!

- **Communication:** This year we will continue to send out emails as usual, but we also will have a GroupMe for all club members! Please use this link to join: (https://groupme.com/join_group/62173089/a7WQOlAn)

- **Recruitment:** We are always hoping to expand our club and get more students involved in spreading inclusion! If you have friends who are interested in joining Best Buddies this year, please tell them to register on Best Buddies Online, follow our Instagram (@wpcpbb), join the GroupMe, and email us (wpcpbestbuddies@gmail.com) to make sure they get the latest information and updates.

- **Best Buddies Gear!:** You should have received an email about WPCP Best Buddies merch earlier this week. Please use [THIS FORM](https://forms.gle/78ghDxQbWeZDuwcN9) to order a shirt by Friday, September 18. Shirts are $20, but donations are more than welcome to help support students who may not be able to cover the full cost. All payments are to be made via Venmo (@Best-BuddiesWPCP). Please reach out to us with any specific concerns or questions. We can't wait to see you all sporting BB gear!

- **Meet the Board!:** If you ever have a question or concern, please reach out to one of our executive board members! This year's Executive Board is Lucy Zises (President), Niko Vasilopoulos (Vice President), Katie Gillespie (Secretary), Nate Raub (Treasurer), Sophie Gibson (Outreach and Advocacy Chair), and Kelsey Bentrem (Friendship Walk Coordinator). Feel free to reach out to any of us directly, contact wpcpbestbuddies@gmail.com, or use the GroupMe. For Special Olympics related questions, please email us or contact Natalie Rosenbaum (Special Olympics Committee President). 

If you have any questions or concerns about what this year will look like, please don't hesitate to reach out. We hope you are just as excited as we are!
