---
layout: post
title:  "9/14: Accessibility during Remote Learning"
date:   2020-9-14 05:30:59
author: Sophie Gibson
categories: Advocacy
---

As countless students begin a year of completely virtual learning, many have found it difficult to ease into their semester. Teachers and students alike have been facing abundant challenges as they continue to adapt to remote schooling.To combat the struggles of remote learning, from zoom fatigue to tech issues to more, countless resources have been made available. But, as pointed out, “There are so many resource lists out there. Teachers are overwhelmed. Parents are overwhelmed. It’s link after link after link,” said Lindsay Jones, president of the National Center for Learning Disabilities, an advocacy group based in Washington. In today’s world of online school, students with intellectual and developmental disabilities experience heightened levels of difficulties in comparison to other peers. While remote learning presents unique difficulties, students with IDDs are more likely to not receive the resources and teaching that they deserve. However, there are many out there working to make remote learning accessible for ALL learners, as emphasized by educatingalllearners.org.

Educatingalllearners.org was launched last Wednesday, and has been an amazing resource for many. The site is targeted toward special education  students and teachers, but is free and available to everyone. Some of the site’s key features include “brief, vetted lists of online teaching tools, like videos and lesson plans from NASA and National Geographic; advice in multiple languages on how to support students with autism; tips on how to provide speech therapy online; and first-person accounts from teachers on how they solved specific problems.” In addition, the site also provides guidance for conducting virtual Individual Education Program (IEP) meetings, a crucial resource for inclusion, seeing as many IEPs need to be updated to enable students to thrive in a virtual setting.

Educatingalllearners.org has a plethora of resources available to make virtual learning accessible and inclusive for all students, and is a great step in the fight for an inclusive world. To learn more check out the following sites:

[Educating All Learners](https://eala.wpengine.com/)

[EdSource](https://edsource.org/2020/new-website-offers-tips-for-teachers-about-virtual-special-education/628741)
